README.md, before:

# patient-registration-portal
A modern, client-side web application for managing patient data — built using **React**, **TypeScript**, **Tailwind CSS**, and **Shadcn/UI** components. Designed for speed, simplicity, and seamless querying.

## ✨ Features

- 🧾 **Add New Patient** – User-friendly form interface to add and register patients.
- 📊 **View Patient Database** – Browse all registered patient records in a tabular layout.
- 🧠 **Custom Query Interface** – Run custom queries to filter or extract data with precision.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **React** + **Vite** – Blazing-fast development and UI rendering.
- **TypeScript / TSX** – Strong typing for scalability and robustness.
- **Tailwind CSS** – Utility-first CSS for styling efficiency.
- **Shadcn/UI** – Themeable, accessible UI components based on Radix primitives.
- **Radix UI** – Headless UI components ensuring accessibility and UX best practices.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 📦 Prerequisites

- **Node.js** (v18 or higher recommended)
- Package manager: **bun**, **npm**, **pnpm**, or **yarn**

### 📥 Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AadhavanSharma/patient-registration-portal.git
cd patient-registration-portal
npm install

Commit message:

Update README.md by adding link to the deployed website

README.md, after:

# Patient-registration-portal
A modern, client-side web application for managing patient data — built using **React**, **TypeScript**, **Tailwind CSS**, and **Shadcn/UI** components. Designed for speed, simplicity, and seamless querying.


## ✨ Features

- 🧾 **Add New Patient** – User-friendly form interface to add and register patients.
- 📊 **View Patient Database** – Browse all registered patient records in a tabular layout.
- 🧠 **Custom Query Interface** – Run custom queries to filter or extract data with precision.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **React** + **Vite** – Blazing-fast development and UI rendering.
- **TypeScript / TSX** – Strong typing for scalability and robustness.
- **Tailwind CSS** – Utility-first CSS for styling efficiency.
- **Shadcn/UI** – Themeable, accessible UI components based on Radix primitives.
- **Radix UI** – Headless UI components ensuring accessibility and UX best practices.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### 📦 Prerequisites

- **Node.js** (v18 or higher recommended)
- Package manager: **bun**, **npm**, **pnpm**, or **yarn**

### 📥 Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AadhavanSharma/patient-registration-portal.git
cd patient-registration-portal
npm install
npm run dev
```
#### You can visit the website hosted here!!! 🔗 https://patient-reg-portal-medblocks.netlify.app/
